{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green136\blue187;
\red117\green77\blue36;\red238\green249\blue209;\red205\green205\blue205;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c4314\c60392\c78039;
\cssrgb\c53725\c37255\c18824;\cssrgb\c94510\c97647\c85490;\cssrgb\c83922\c83922\c83922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 weget downloaded all files\
\
some months are missing\
02.50 has one month\
\
all dates have different version numbers. is that ok?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
You can download multiple files at a time using the following WGET list. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/download?filePath=/data/wget_list/GU/SWIRL3CH4_GU_V02.60.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \strokec4 WGET list (V02.60)}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/download?filePath=/data/wget_list/GU/SWIRL3CH4_GU_V02.50.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \strokec4 WGET list (V02.50)}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/download?filePath=/data/wget_list/GU/SWIRL3CH4_GU_V02.40.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \strokec4 WGET list (V02.40)}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/download?filePath=/data/wget_list/GU/SWIRL3CH4_GU_V02.31.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \strokec4 WGET list (V02.31)}} \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/download?filePath=/data/wget_list/GU/SWIRL3CH4_GU_V02.21.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \strokec4 WGET list (V02.21)}}
\f2\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/view"}}{\fldrslt https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/view}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://data2.gosat.nies.go.jp/GosatDataArchiveService/usr/download/ProductPage/view#"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3\b0\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5  260 KiB/file)}}
\f3\b0\fs40\fsmilli20400 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Please select the 'Version number' which you would like to download.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 \'a0\'a0
\f2 \cb7 V02.xx (Bias uncorrected) (Jun. 01, 2009 - Present)
\f1\b0 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li400\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f2 V02.60 (Oct. 01, 2015 - Feb. 28, 2017)
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f2 V02.50 (Aug. 02, 2015 - Aug. 31, 2015)
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f2 V02.40 (Feb. 01, 2015 - Jul. 31, 2015)
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f2 V02.31 (Jul. 01, 2014 - Nov. 30, 2014)
\f1\b0 \

\f4\b \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\f2 V02.21 (Jun. 01, 2009 - May. 24, 2014)
\f1\b0 \
\
uncorrected version was not actually available}